feat: Implement auth-keycloak plugin (#188)
amplication/plugins: plugins/auth-keycloak/README.md

# @amplication/plugin-auth-keycloak

[![NPM Downloads](https://img.shields.io/npm/dt/@amplication/plugin-auth-keycloak)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@amplication/plugin-auth-keycloak)

Enable [KeyCloak](https://www.keycloak.org/) authentication on a service

## Purpose

This plugin adds the required code to use Passport Keycloak strategy on the generated NestJS application
[**Keycloak**](https://www.keycloak.org/) is an authentication and authorization platform that provides the required tools to secure your applications and services.

## Configuration
This plugin requires the following settings during plugin configuration:
- `KEYCLOAK_HOST`:   Complete URL of keycloak instance,
- `KEYCLOAK_REALM`:   Name of the realm to be used for authentication (or the one you just created)
- `KEYCLOAK_CLIENT_ID`:   Client ID of the client to be used for authentication (or the client we just created)

> - `KEYCLOAK_CLIENT_SECRET`:   Client Secret of the client to be used for authentication.

Reviewer: These can only be provided after the keycloak is setup right?

Author: Right. These are manually created by Admin.
Keycloak allows admin to create multiple realms and in order to connect, these are required.

Reviewer: But this is needed in plugin, so I suggest to let the users start up keycloak themselves by using a docker-compose file provided by you. Maybe can include the steps in README. Then they can provide these values to plugin.

# @amplication/plugin-auth-keycloak

[![NPM Downloads](https://img.shields.io/npm/dt/@amplication/plugin-auth-keycloak)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@amplication/plugin-auth-keycloak)

Enable [KeyCloak](https://www.keycloak.org/) authentication on a service

## Purpose

This plugin adds the required code to use Passport Keycloak strategy on the generated NestJS application
[**Keycloak**](https://www.keycloak.org/) is an authentication and authorization platform that provides the required tools to secure your applications and services.

## Prerequisites

> - Running [Keycloak](https://www.keycloak.org/) instance. You can use the `docker-compose.dev.yaml`` file dor dev container.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Running [Keycloak](https://www.keycloak.org/) instance. You can use the `docker-compose.dev.yml`` file or dev container.
```
Also the `docker-compose.dev.yml` is created after the plugin is run. Due to this settings regarding keycloak cannot be provided before that leading to circular dependency.

- Required resources to be created in and updated settings.

## Details

Note: this assumes keycloak server is running in `docker container` and is accessible at `localhost:8180`

### Create a new Keycloak Realm

> * Go to [Admin panel](http://localhost:8180/admin/master/console/) and Login using default creds:

Reviewer: Same for these steps can only be done after plugin is run.

Author: Got it, once its running, user needs to create the realm with values used for configuration 👍
